# DemoPytest - Generating Reports with Allure

## Project Description

The **DemoPytest** repository was created for learning and experimenting with generating test reports using the **Allure** framework. Here, you will find examples of various automated tests written in **pytest**, which generate detailed HTML reports to make it easier to analyze test results and statuses.

## Directory Structure

- **DemoFirstTest** - Contains a basic set of configuration and test files used to start working with automated tests.
- **allure-report** - Directory where reports generated by Allure are stored.
- **pages** - Modules defining pages, such as `login_page.py`, `my_account_page.py`, `change_password_page.py`. These contain classes for modeling web pages using the Page Object Model approach.
- **tests** - Main directory containing test cases. Here you can find various scripts that demonstrate the use of different testing mechanisms:
  - **test_assertion_SOFT.py**, **test_assertion_hard.py** - Examples of using different types of assertions (soft and hard).
  - **test_fixtures_skip.py**, **test_fixtures_2.py** - Examples of using fixtures and skipping tests.
  - **test_markers_group.py** - Example of grouping tests using markers.
  - **test_multiple_subset_form.py** - Tests related to different combinations of forms.
  - **test_dependency.py** - Dependent tests that demonstrate how some tests can rely on the outcomes of others.
  
- **utilities** - Supporting tools for tests, such as `locators.py` (locators for page elements), `test_data.py` (sample test data), `conftest.py` (test configuration).

## Technologies Used

- **Python** - Programming language used for writing tests.
- **pytest** - Framework for automating tests.
- **Allure** - Reporting tool that enables generating interactive and readable reports from test results.
- **Selenium** - Used in some cases for browser automation.

## Project Goals

- Practice writing automated tests using **pytest**.
- Learn to generate test reports using **Allure**.
- Practically apply the **Page Object Model** (POM) approach in test automation.
- Understand mechanisms such as assertions, fixtures, test dependencies, and dynamic markers.

## How to Run Tests

1. Run the tests using pytest with the appropriate configuration, for example:
   ```bash
   pytest --alluredir=allure-report
2. To generate the report:

   this command generates the report based on the saved data and automatically opens it in the browser.
  ```bash
  allure serve allure-report
